Fix: update readme after new tagging mechanic (#294)
cilium/image-tools: README.md

### Making changes

> All images get automatic tags based on the latest commit of the image directory. Tags used to be done through unique [git tree object hash](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-Objects) but due to setting up renovate to automatically update images, and the inability to order sha256 value by time, the new tagging system use a combination of the timestamp and the short sha1 of the latest directory's image commit, using the [git log command with the image directory as a path parameter](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Viewing-the-Commit-History).

Reviewer: It's sha1 and not sha256, isn't it?

```suggestion
All images get automatic tags based on the latest commit of the image directory. Tags used to be based on unique [git tree object hash](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-Objects), but due to setting up renovate to automatically update images, and the inability to order sha1 values by time, the new tagging system uses a combination of the timestamp and the short sha1 of the latest commit for the image directory, using the [git log command with the image directory as a path parameter](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Viewing-the-Commit-History).
```

As the result of this, following stands:

- image build definitions can be obtained with `git show <tag>`

> - image build is defined by the last commit that has modified the image directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- image build is defined by the last commit that modified the image directory
```
